# How to contribute?
I accidentally wrote this in English. Whoops! This document was supposed to be in Polish, but after making the Credits section, my brain was in English mode. I'm very sorry. I hope it's alright; y'all can speak English.
1. Remember to reflect whatever patches you make in the modpack into the [README](README.md)! You may ONLY skip this point if you sync your modpack before uploading so that all those undocumented changes get undone. Please refer to point 4 for more info.
2. If your patches included an alteration to some configs, please gather them all into a single ZIP file. Only copy config files for single-file configs (eg. `options.txt`) or complete config folders (eg. `config/fancymenu`) - we don't care about non-config files (eg. worlds, Xaero map data, caches) and don't support any fancy partial config changes (eg. only a single menu changed inside fancymenu), as (if done manually, as we do here) it's almost guaranteed to go wrong sooner or later. Then, upload said ZIP here, titled `patchN.zip` (where N is the patch index - currently it's `3`, so the next patch should be called `patch4`) so that they can be re-applied by people who already have a version of this pack stored locally. If your patches included an addition/update/removal of some projects (mods/textures/etc.), please gather them all into a file titled `patchN.md` (how you format said file is up to you). Also, please keep in mind that if you add a mod and change any of its configs, you need to include those configs inside the aforementioned `patchN.zip`.
3. Delete the following folders/files: `.fabric`, `.mixin-out`, `att-debug`, `crash-reports`, `defaultconfigs`, `data`, `Deftu`, `frozenlib_cape_cache`, `logs`, `moddata`, `modernfix`, `ModTranslations`, `schematics`, `config/inventoryprofilesnext/[any folder inside, EXCEPT integrationHints]` (but **not** `config/inventoryprofilesnext/inventoryprofilesnext.json` becasue it's not a folder), `stackdeobf_mappings`, `xaero`, `XaeroWaypoints_BACKUP[numbers]`, `irisUpdateInfo.json`, `usercache.json` and `usernamecache.json`. Please note that `defaultconfigs`, `schematics` and `moddata` SHOULD be empty. If they're not - figure out whether they're important and update this protocol based on your findings. You may keep the `saves` and `screenshots` folders unchanged, as some of those dev worlds are pretty beautiful, indeed. Just make sure not to include them in the pack when exporting (everything else - even if Modrinth doesn't auto-select it - should be included). To sum up this point, your folder should look roughly like [this](folder.png), and everything you see on it (apart from `saves` and `screenshots`) should get exported. If it doesn't look like that - congratulations, you discovered a new folder/file! Please update that screenshot (if it's important) or the to-delete list above (if it's useless).
4. In the next step, you'll export your modpack, but you first need to sync it. If between you downloading the pack and preparing your patch no other changes occurred AND you didn't omit anything inside the README - you may skip this step. Otherwise (ie. if some patches were submitted while you were working on yours OR you omitted something inside README.md), ask Guzio for instructions on modpack syncing (I'm too lazy to write them down, lol).
5. Export your pack as `ghostland-baseline.mrpack` (call it „GhostLand 7 - Baseline” and give it version number `0.0.8`, as it's currently `0.0.7`) and upload it and your new README here (overwriting whatever `ghostland-baseline.mrpack` and README were here before), along with your `patchN.zip` and/or `patchN.txt`.
6. Increment version numbers in this very file (N in point **_3._**; modpack version in point **_6._**).
7. *You're ready - send a PR or a direct commit onto GitHub!* 🎉